Welcome back everybody.
In today's video we're going to continue our process of grid search that we started in the previous
video.
We're going to again continue with the criterion of entropy.
And we're going to leverage our previous results of the optimal parameters to do another round.
So let's begin quickly by looking at the cons. We can see the results from the previous run.
So just temporarily copy here.
Now let's go back to the EDR let's copy and paste it again because we're going to do another round.
It's going to be around two.
And we're going to base our new assaults on the previous results.
So we found that none is the most optimal max depth.
So we're going to get rid of pre and just run none.
So there's nothing else to be done here.
The max features gave birth a value of five.
Correct.
So instead of one in 10 on the ages we're going to try it actually forensics to see if there is a preferred
feature size we actually could try five and seven or three five and seven.
So to cover more range.
OK let's do that.
And again these two issues that you have to make on your own based on what you're trying to test then
for me samples please.
We saw that our results keep us A10.
So what we can do here is stride an ape.
This is six and eight and a top and see if that gives us better results than many samples.
Leaf was stuck on one.
So we're going to use one two and three.
Awesome.
Bootstrap was true.
So we're going to stick to truth or weight or false and we're going to keep the entropy.
And that's it.
And now we're ready to run the second round of grid search.
So let's do this.
We're ready for a second round.
Everything is set.
And there we go.
And now we're going to run all this again.
Again this is going to take a few minutes.
So we're going to stop that here and come back when it's all done.
OK.
So the model has finished running.
And then we got to cancel and see the results.
We realize that the results are the exact same that we got in the first round.
So what this tells us this tells us that the results we got in the first round are just the optimal
are all the ones we have try.
So we're going to stick to that and run our tests on that particular set of results so as to that.
Now the final part here is to apply our model to our test set so that we can see if this set of results
actually improves our accuracy or not.
So we're going to copy the code from before we're going to paste it here.
And the one thing we're going to add here is that instead of having to classify a DDX this we're going
to have our research pretty easy access to the body.
This is going to run the accuracy and going to create a more resource that is going to detail those
accuracies and it's going to be run the is Plus grid search times to plus entropy.
So this is the entropy version.
So let's run this great.
This is accurately.
And now finally we're going to again copy code from before and put this resoled into the ressort stage.
And if we look at the results table the console.
Now we have our linear model here that has a slightly higher accuracy.
Same precision for the most part a slightly higher recall and much higher.
One score of almost two points.
So this grid search model is actually performing better than the original run of force model.
So this grid search was definitely watched attempting the second round didn't give us any lift.
But the first one the now we attempted this grid search on the Entropia version of front for us.
We can do the exact same but you seen Guinea version so to do that we just have to copy everything we
have done beta right here and this is going to be around one guinea and we're run to Guinea then we're
also going to change the actual criteria beginning the entropy here.
Finally the very end.
We're going to change the fact that this is no longer a great search plus two times entropy is going
to be concert times two plus getting and that's about it.
So first we're going to run the first version of this Guinea grid search and see what we get.
This going to run for a few minutes in those minutes.
I want to go over one thing.
The difference between Guinea and entropy.
You have to do a lot with what these criterial things to this great hearing is the splitting criteria.
So that means that when the parent leave is partitioned into two chyle regions in the tree and the decision
tree that is run the force is made out of we need a particular criterion for these.
And the entropy is a criterion.
There's a whole equation behind this that is meant to maximize the informational content that are random
for us has.
So the question makes it so that we're maximizing the information that we keep at every split.
The Guinea version and the other hand minimizes the probability of mislabelling.
So when does this leading.
It does so in a way that it values not mislabelling our lives.
OK.
So that is the only difference.
You can go and do some research on the equations.
There's a lot of math involved in those.
But that is like the main difference that you should know if somebody ask you about Ghanian and now
this is going to run for a few more minutes.
I'll be back when it's done and we'll see the results.
So great.
The model has finished running.
So here we look at the console.
We have our accuracy of sixty three six Aransas 3.6 percent which is a tiny bit better but not much.
The cameras are bootstrapped true Guinea Mac step of non Max feature of 10 min samples for 10 samples.
OK.
So we're going to copy this.
We're going to paste it here the Berrien so we can see it.
And now let's set up the round two for this grid search.
So if we look a little bit higher up here we're going to realize that Max there still remains none.
Max features should now be around 10.
So we're going to start with maybe an 8 here a 10 and a 12 men samples as a result of two.
So we're going to make sure that we get numbers around that two three and four to see if we get better
results that way.
I mean sample leaf gave as a result of 10.
So we're going to make this around 10 8 10 and 12 bootstrap history of course.
And the criterion is getting and that's it.
So this is a new set of features privater sorry that we're going to try our great search.
Number two we're going to run it and see what we get out.
Get back.
The moment is finished running okay.
So the model has finished running.
And here the results the results are an accuracy of sixty three point eight just slightly higher.
And the parameters are true.
Okay.
Guinea none Max features of 12.
I mean samples off of 12 as well and mean samples.
So those are the ones that we're going to use.
So what next.
Now with that we have finalized the second round of research.
We're actually going to run that model on it.
Again this is the exact same lines that we were on before.
So we're going to run the model.
We're going to create a new vector of results in appendant we're so state for so let's do it.
Excellent.
So now let's look at our results
and here we go.
So we see the random forays we grid search apply two times Angelini give gibbous a accuracy of sixty
three point five on that test set a procession of sixty four point nine.
A recall of 70 percent and the EF 1 score of sixty three point six seven point three.
So random forays into being guinea are not that different.
We can assume that the difference here are just the randomness but overall we're going to just stick
to random forest and Trape and realized that this is the best model we can possibly use.
And it's definitely an improvement over the previous model so you can see the original random foras
the SBM the SBM linear and logistic regression.
So this is said This is the final dispersion of our model.
Thanks to great search and we have done everything we need to do to build our model.
So thank you very much for watching.
And the next video we're going to append these results with a user identifier.
And we're going to finalize our script.
See you in the next one.